.
So, I'm sis Greg Jacobson. I'm going to publish my first book on the subject of last year's Email. I've been a long time reader of the I've never really read anything before and don't know if I'm going to get anything from it. I know that in the end, I won't get any of the money, but I want to make a real difference and I want to share this with the world. My name is Greg Jacobson. I'm a 20 year old high school English major who has been a member of the Heidelberg government for the past five years. After a brief period of exile, I decided to make a real change in my life by leaving the foreign ministry and going back to the Netherlands. I am very happy that the money has been found and I wish to give it back to that country. I want to be a better person, better person and better person, and I want to give a huge thanks to all of you, especially the supporters of the child here in the Netherlands, who have made me think this way. If you are interested, I will give you the address of my office. I'm afraid you will not be too happy because you are now going to have to deal with me for this.
I am not afraid of death if this change is right. I am very serious about this change. I want you to know my base of operations. I can send you a message to the foreign ministry and the Dutch Embassy to let them know of my decision. I want to tell them that I want to share this with the world because my country is so important to me. I want you to know that this change of heart, which is not easy, is not going to be easy for me because I am very young. I am white and I am not married. I am spending my working days as an embassy official in the foreign ministry here in the Netherlands. I hear that the foreign ministry wants me to do this change because of my age and because my ministry is being exposed as a foreign country. My ministry is being exposed as a foreign country because I am the father of the child here and I do not want him to be in a position where he is being exposed as a foreign country. I want you to know that I want this change to be over immediately because I want him to know that the money is safe and I want to give him all the money he needs. However, I want you to know that I do not want him to be misled or deceived. I will not want a child of mine to lose his future position because I have worked hard before my ministry in this country. I am sure that your help will enable me to give you all the information that I need. I want you to know that I intend to change the foreign ministry and the Netherlands embassy.
I am Greg Jacobson, a 20 year old high school English major who has been a member of the Heidelberg government for the past five years. After a brief period of exile, I decided to make a real change in my life by leaving the foreign ministry and going back to the Netherlands. I am very happy that the money has been discovered and I wish to give a huge thanks to all of you, especially the supporters of the child here in the Netherlands, who have made me think this way. If you are interested, I will give you the address of my office. I'm afraid you will not be too happy because you are now going to have to deal with me for this.
I am not afraid of death if this change is right. I am very serious about this change. I want you to know my base of operations. I can send you a message to the foreign ministry and the Dutch Embassy to let them know of my decision. I want to tell them that I want to share this with the world because my country is so important to me. I want you to know that this change of heart, which is not easy, is not going to be easy for me because I am very young. I am white and I am not married. I am spending my working days as an embassy official in the foreign ministry here in the Netherlands. I hear that the foreign ministry wants me to do this change because of my age and because my ministry is being exposed as a foreign country. My ministry is being exposed as a foreign country because I am the father of the child here and I do not want him to be in a position where he is being exposed as a foreign country. I want you to know that I want this change to be over immediately because I want him to know that the money is safe and I want to give him all the money he needs. However, I want you to know that I do not want him to be misled or deceived. I will not want a child of mine to lose his future position because I have worked hard before my ministry in this country. I am sure that your help will enable me to give you all the information that I need. I