I made this for my friend, he died in a plane crash on his way to get out of Iraq. He was the first ever to be killed by a US Air Force/UNF/U.S.A.A.R.R.E.E, the second ever to be killed by US Air Force/UNF/U.S.A.R.E.E, and the only US citizen alive to have ever been killed by an Air Force/UNF/U.S.A.R.E.E.
He was the only one to ever be killed by the US Air Force/UNF/U.S.A.R.E.E.
I was about to call him a child molester, but in a panic, I said, I need your assistance to get this child out of the country. You can help me by phone or fax. I will get you the phone number for the child and I will call you back and will let you know when he is back.
If you are interested in contacting me, you can also contact me via the contact page below.
Thanks for your assistance,
MRS. DAVE NELSON
15TH FRIDAY, 21ST DECEMBER 2003
Dear Friend,I am Mrs.Mrs.Gail L.W. Christensen.I am a 20 year old,Afghan refugee,I came to the United States from Afghanistan with my mother in 1999,Afghanistan was under the control of the Taliban,Afghanistan was a democratic nation being under the rule of a pro-Western Government of President Abullah Amin.
I was the son of a former president of the Democratic Republic of Congo who was killed after his forces invaded and destroyed the country under the official leadership of President Abullah Amin.
During the war with the Taliban,Afghanistan was under the control of the military government of Abullah Amin.
The military government of Abullah Amin was even more brutal and vicious than that of his father.
After his death,my mother and I,were both executed by the military government of Abullah Amin.
I was also executed for my mother's relationship to a political opposition leader,who was an influential member of the ruling Muslim Democratic Union Party (MUD)
because she was serving in a military government which was not democratic.
After my father's death,my mother and I were both executed and imprisoned in a secret prison in the British Embassy in London,
we were released under pressure by the foreign military to exile in Europe before my father was executed.
My mother was later released to her country and lived in a better condition.I have only known her since her late father's death,she was left to die by the security forces without any trace of her husband due to a sudden stroke.
After her death,my father died without ever looking back.My only son,who still lives in exile in Europe,was the first man to ever stand in the trial of my father's government before the UN Security Council.
Before my father was executed,my mother was a friend of my father's and a very wealthy merchant.
She managed to escape to Europe where she died in a plane crash on her way to Iraq.
My only son was responsible for my mother's death.I managed to escape to the USA where I died in a plane crash on my way to Iraq.
After my father's death,my mother and I were both executed by the security forces by the international security services.
My only child has been a victim of war crimes by both the government of Abullah Amin and the military government of Abullah Amin.
My only son was also the last surviving person to ever be killed by an air force/UNF/U.S.A.R.E.E.
I am writing to urge you to immediately release the last surviving individual of my father's government,who was responsible for the deaths of my mother and me.
I am asking for your assistance to release the last remaining person of Abullah Amin to whom I can share my life.The last surviving person of Abullah Amin.I will then have to transfer the rest of my kin to your country for a better life.
Please,please understand that I have the utmost respect for your personal decision to take this great decision.
I have no doubt that you will not hesitate to assist me in this very difficult decision.
Please,I am Mrs.Gail L.W. Christensen.
Mrs.Gail is a Creole,I am the wife of a late President of the Democratic Republic of Congo,Afghanistan,President Abullah Amin.I was the son of President Abullah Amin,he was killed by his forces ,during the war with the Taliban,Afghanistan was under the control of the military government of President Abullah Amin.
During the war with the Taliban,Afghanistan was under the control of the military government of President Abullah