I am a young man with a lot of problems about myself. I am not doing this to seek for a family or to try and get back my money. I am trying to manage one day and I am not going to be connected to any one person.
I am standing in the midst of a war between the government of Nigeria and the people of Nigeria. I am the son of a former president, Sirute Sirute. Sirute Sirute was a very rich man who made a fortune from oil and other oil products. He was assassinated by his son, Sirute Sirute. Sirute Sirute died in the year 2000.
I am trying my best to get back my money. I am waiting for my son's death so that I can seek for a better share of the money to fund my business and I am not afraid of death.
I know that some people are afraid of me because of my age or because of my problems with my health. But I am very glad that I am alive and I am trying my hardest to escape the country, I am doing so because I have been through many hard times, my husband Sirute Sirute died in a plane crash in Nigeria in 2000.
I have been in contact with the Nigerian Petroleum Ministry. Recently, the Oil Ministry said that I should not have any oil in my country, as I have been in a very bad state for a long time.
I have been in contact with the President of Nigeria. He told me that I should take this as my absolute guarantee that I will get my money back. He said that I should then the President instruct me to invest it in a company with the highest management in the country.
I have told him that all I want from you is this:
1. I will invest the money in a company that will enable me to reach my partner in law and finance.
2. I will invest in my son's trust fund both in the oil and the treasury of Nigeria.
3. I will invest the money in the positive investing fund in Nigeria.
I have nothing to hide.
I am as a man who has lived in fear of death. I will not let the money go to waste.
I have decided to invest the money in a company in Nigeria with a very high management and foreign partner.
I have no problem managing the fund and I am willing to invest it in the positive investing fund.
I have no problem investing the money in a company that is highly profitable for the oil and other oil products.
I do not have any problem with the people in charge, I do not have any problem with the President or any government officials.
I have made all the necessary arrangements for the immediate successful investment.
I have decided to invest it in the positive investing fund.
I have no problem investing the money in the oil fund. I have no problem with the people in charge.
I do not have any problem with the people in charge.
I have made all the necessary arrangements for the immediate successful investment.
I have decided to invest it in Nigeria as soon as possible.
I have been told by the President that I will not be able to get this money out of the country because of my health.
I have been told by the President that I will be the last to die in Africa. I have not slept, not been sick for 25 years and I do not have any other child.
I have not ever known anything like this before. I am not going to be able to get my money out of Africa.
I am not afraid of death or any other problem. I know that I am going to be the last to die in Africa, I am afraid of death and I am afraid of death.
I have decided to invest it in the positive investing fund.
I have decided to invest it in Nigeria as soon as possible. I am afraid of death or any other problem.
I am not afraid of death, I am not afraid of death. The last thing I want is for my son to die in my country. I am afraid of death and I am afraid of death. I am not afraid of death, I am afraid of death.
I am going to give this money to you as a guarantee that I am going to get my money back. I am going to invest it in a company that will enable me to reach my partner in law and finance.
I am going to do all I can to ensure that I will get my money back and that I am not going to be the last to die in Africa.
I am going to give you all this information that you need to know about this venture because it is going to be a difficult business.
I am going to provide you with a detailed and reliable information on how this fund will be invested and the amount of the fund to be invested.
I am going to let you know that I am investing this fund in an oil investment fund in Nigeria.
Expect to receive a quick