To whom may concern, I am an old friend of your father's. ur father's.  I learned that your brother's was also an old friend of mine and I have never heard him mentioned elsewhere but there were plenty of interesting details that he never even mentioned in this post.
I read that you told your sisters the truth so that you would be able to bring my brother to church to have his father pray against you and to protect your father's safety.  My father told his sons the same thing but after the trial of some fifty years, my brother's decision to give them a new name was affirmed by the verdict of the state's Supreme Court on the same grounds.  If you did anything against me, or in fact, against anyone for any more than my right to a new name by any legal means, you have been "disordered" to my brother by your actions.  You don't have to have a problem with someone as I know who is not a fan of God and the Bible, you get my point. But I think that this could end up being a case of overreaction to the facts.  You know who you are.
And so my friend I know will be arrested for using marijuana.  The state has just issued a misdemeanor conviction for the possession of marijuana, with a maximum of 30 days in jail.  You know what that means for me?
Now, I have never been a fan of marijuana before, but I do think that it can be helped.  It's easy to see why marijuana use is going on now, but now you can see that some people are coming forward in the hope that this will help others.  
This can help spread the word that marijuana was never my father's choice for his body and his health.
And then there was this quote from the Arkansas Times.  But before I finish reading all of that, lets do a little history lesson.
In 1967 when I was nine, my mother died so that my older brother could go to college at a young age.
My mom's funeral wasn't the best of times, but for this reason and others like it it can be a good time. I've already mentioned some of my favorite times when she was young.  One of those times was when she brought up a very large child that didn't get his due by a year.  And she was trying to raise that little boy. I