Hi, This is Donald Trump, I am RICH. I can give you 100,000,000 dollars. 000 dollars.  Don't get me wrong, I am RICH, I just get it.  However, there are a few important caveats about my financial disclosures. First, unlike my financial disclosure form on my corporate tax return, I have the opportunity to change my information after I have posted it on my website. Second, I am NOT allowed to change my information in this manner if it is done as a self-reported "business information." A copy of my tax return must state my name, city, state and Zip code. My filing status and tax info is required by law. Thank you for understanding. I can do my best to not give you a way to go wrong and I will try my best to keep my name up to date and accurately reflect your interests. Thank you.
On May 27, 2014 Donald Trump accepted the resignation of IRS Director, Scott Pruitt. As part of the announcement of Pruitt's resignation, Trump called him a "profound, hard-working guy." Pruitt has consistently made the Trump administration look more like the "Republican Party" and "socialist Democrats" than it is, with more than 200 agency employees at risk of being fired, or reduced to a minority of the U.S. workforce, because of their "red lines." In his recent nomination hearing, Pruitt also told senators his position on an energy transition did not align with Republican goals of getting energy-industry "bigger and more competitive in the U.S." On Tuesday, Pruitt said that the agency had done its job and "not had any intention of giving up power."
On April 26, 2012, a Florida judge dismissed Pruitt's request for injunctive relief against the EPA over the agency's controversial Clean Power Plan. Pruitt's attorney, Josh Miller, filed a motion in February of last year to delay the enforcement of the injunction until further review. The government said that the government's legal effort was unsuccessful in "an unprecedented effort to remove [Pruitt's] name from public records," but Miller pointed to the fact that in September of 2012, the court issued a ruling that prohibited the EPA from releasing records about the program until the government had been authorized to release the information. Following that decision, "the state challenged the government's