YoUrgency Alert, please reply within 3 dayswithin 3 days after this happens to you, if your email address changes.

Hi everyone,


I'm wondering if you have any information or experience with this app. Please let me know and I will make sure it works with you.


- John

Hey, the message is from a reader who said:

"In the next few weeks I will get a bunch of texts from our app to send out to other people who may be in the same area. After they email me I may need to send more messages so please feel free to ask more for tips. I am open to hearing from new people so if you'd like to find out more please email me at john.f.chiridor@gmail.com"

So, it's been a while since my last messages, and I just got a few days off from working this app to sort it out. So if you're on Android or Windows: read through the documentation for each part of this app. And remember, in addition to reading through the documentation, we also need to check the notifications (and what they're talking about).

Thanks for your continued support and don't forget to ask any questions!

P.S. If the text messages end up not being sent by now, we'll have to update this post. This is in response to your questions about the support on this, and how to contact us for any more information about this.

This post has been updated to include a note by my partner (thanks!).

As always, we ask that you don't send any messages in support of our app. We also ask that you send your questions and follow up with us via your comments. We appreciate your time and input and are looking forward to hearing from you!

Peace and Happy Ouputing!

Thanks for reading!


John

Thanks for your patience. We would love for you to stay here and read this blog. Hope this helps you. I have been using this app to deal with people who do not want to update their phone because they do not have new experiences with this, and that is something we are taking very seriously, and we sincerely hope that you will also find these apps helpful.

Again, please be nice and keep your thoughts and comments. Don't feel bad, though.


John<|endoftext|>