Hey,I am not stupid.  not stupid.  This is my opinion. It is, however, the one that the U.S. government should consider in its new immigration policy.  In the past, the U.S. government has required large numbers of undocumented immigrants to prove citizenship, and then they would be deported for failure to become a U.S. citizen.  On top of that, any new immigration policies, including this one, would require these immigrants to prove they possess legal means to immigrate, regardless of their current location in the U.S. And it would also give the same sort of immigration enforcement authority to foreigners born in other countries as well.  I know it's not a comprehensive policy, but it is what they are looking for.  A clear case in point, and one that is important to understand, is the recently announced policy of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which was approved by the U.S. Senate and was sent by Senator John McCain to Senator Chuck Schumer's desk after Senator Schumer and House Speaker John Boehner's failed attempt to pass a law that was intended to prevent the deportation of non-resident aliens who became citizens, thus being subject to deportation.  Unfortunately, it seems to me that the U.S. government has ignored our civil rights laws, as I wrote before this post.  The only real way to fully understand the case in question is to examine the recent actions taken by Senator Schumer and Congressman Pelosi to enact their legislation.  It's clear that Senator Schumer has taken an extraordinary and unusual position on this issue.  That is, unlike Senator Schumer, he has been willing to support efforts by the Obama Administration to impose an "enforcement-oriented policy."  He has also expressed support for immigration reform proposals at a time when the U.S. is considering a new law to deal with terrorism. These actions certainly would have an impact on immigration law enforcement, and they are, in turn, a serious threat to U.S. security.  Fortunately, the U.S. government will now have a clearer picture of what the situation looks like under this new immigration program, and