Hey,OMG I'm so lucky!I'm so lucky! On my way to Japan for the Tokyo World Cyber Games this week I had the opportunity to chat with two players from both the Japanese and Korean teams.

We met in Japan at last year's Tokyo Games, and since then we've played many events. The Japanese-Korean team had been very nice to play as and have brought us all our best games. You'll find many of the players here to enjoy Japanese, Korean or Western-style LAN events.

Thanks so much!

The group is:

Wiz Khalifa – the organizer

Jakiro – the team manager

Alexio – the manager

This isn't an easy group for me to do. With one player missing just because of injury and two players still not doing well and having to work over two and a half years, we know that this group is more of a long, stressful, challenging and demanding tournament experience than anything else. So as you can imagine my motivation was to help these players, and as I've talked with Jelene, the coach of the group, and with the Korean coach Alexio, the coach of the group, and I hope to expand this group to include everyone with the same level of fitness, fitness, and training that we have.

This group is going to be very easy to join as we are a long time friends, especially after years in Asia, and I don't have to worry about getting too worked up, as this group is quite intense and difficult. This is definitely an event that we won't forget, but it's also going to be good to go meet some of the best players from both the North and the South in Japan. It will be great to see who goes first or second for each region, and to see how strong we are both in a LAN and as a team, and whether or not it's possible to see this group.

We're currently only 2 players back from a previous match (both of which happened in 2013) with the group only taking about a few days, so any additional time it takes me would probably be nice to bring more players here. I'm just grateful that the teams are still working together so smoothly, as I'm currently training with them, and that Jelene is there onsite with us for the group,