Dear, You are the lier!are the lier!

The following statement is an apology to my wife and other members of my extended family.

A brief apology

The following statement was written by Mr. Ryan and his wife for their disappointment in the recent news report from the Swiss Federal Bank that indicated that, on June 25, Mr. Ryan was under investigation for the unauthorized purchase of Swiss francs by German officials. As the French economy recovers, the Bank of England and the Swiss financial sector can now focus on resolving this matter promptly.

In August of this year, two men approached Mr. Ryan about buying Swiss francs from Deutsche Bank for about $10 million dollars. As soon as Mr. Ryan made contact, Mr. Ryan asked the men to take the two funds into his bank account. When they failed to take such steps, the Bank of England issued a statement that said, "Bank of England and Swiss central bank officials have been informed of the matter." Mr. Ryan then contacted Deutsche Bank and they reported that Mr. Ryan had been charged with making the false information. This statement was subsequently corrected, and in early September the Bank of England sent a statement to all its staff asking them to act swiftly to stop this illegal act.

Today's news release from the Bank of England indicates that, after initial inquiries about the authenticity of this information, it has been determined that Mr. Ryan was "under investigation for the unauthorized purchase of Swiss francs by German officials in connection with an investigation into a matter concerning Swiss central bank funds".

In addition, as Mr. Ryan has been charged with making the false information to the Financial Conduct Authority for an investigation that began in 2009, the Financial Conduct Authority does not want his record of proceedings to be placed in the financial sector. Accordingly, in August 2013, Mr. Ryan's bank had to cancel the account of an individual who had bought the Swiss francs in March of this year. As such, he was charged on August 28 and August 31 in connection with this matter. Mr. Ryan continues to have this account as a customer of the Bank of England, but now has to pay the £10 million penalty on the following June 28, 2013 due to the false information.

The bank has informed us that there is no