Hello, Hey,yes! I can definitely provide you my information. Do you wanna meet up somewhere? Maybe we can grab a cup of coffee and talk more about the details later.etails later. I am a guy who has not been much into dating and so I can assure you this is not my first time. I've had pretty good luck with friends and so far I've already met almost all of them.

My last date happened a few days back. So as an added bonus, I've been doing this thing with my friend James for the past 3 months. It's been getting interesting and so we had to work out some logistics. Since we talked and had some really good talk (including some with each other), I decided it would be a good idea for us to start this dating business. I've been playing with the idea of having James join us in some capacity for a year. You know, to help him.

My first date was a lot more interesting. We fell in love over a coffee table and James had just recently found out. I'm a little busy with a bunch of business and so I got the idea of making this first trip with him.

I was at a friend's place a couple of weeks ago and I was talking to James about that coffee table for dinner. So with that in mind I started working my way up to James who was starting to build some relationships with friends. But we soon found that James is quite a bit of a shy, nerdy guy that is always in the mood to meet new people. So I decided to bring the two of us in and he was ready to hang out with me. James is a little shy and the guy that I was talking to (and his buddies) liked to ask awkward things for me if I was up for some action.

So on day 1 of the trip, I sat there alone in his office sitting in front of James. I had a bunch of questions in mind and James was really interested in the conversation I was having. I just kept asking questions and James was very fascinated with them. I was also wondering what sort of things would go through a relationship like this if we were separated and James wasn't available or in a position.

He started asking me a lot of the questions. I just kept asking.

What are the most important things