To whom may concern, I will go to Western Union to write you the check tomorrow. Could you provide me with the receiver information? Thanks!tion? Thanks! Thank you for your interest.

On this subject the American Federation of Teachers of Washington, D.C. (AFTS) has just posted a letter from the board of the union that is "open to questions and concerns about teachers' free speech rights." The letter argues that teachers should be able to say whatever they want in public—whatever the occasion—no matter who they are, but only "if it will support teaching."

The letter is available as a PDF here. The U.S. Supreme Court did not rule in the United States v. Wright ruling as to whether public-sector speech constitutes First Amendment rights.

For further details on the law, see this post on ACLU.org, as well as this brief in the U.S. Supreme Court.

I'm going to take a quick look at how I think the American Federation of Teachers might respond to that response. In part:

The AFT is not a party to the government. It is free to engage in its political activities, such as the work of its board of directors, its labor councils, the national legislature, the school board, and its members, but the AFT is not a party to the Government.

It is free to have an opinion and to do what it thinks necessary. This is not what we stand for.

When the First Amendment, we support government "free speech." But when the First Amendment, we reject government and government speech at public meetings, when our society is divided about who has to do what, then that speech isn't just political speech.

If the AFT wants to remain involved in the public-school debate and support free speech, then it cannot even oppose government speech that is too far removed from the American agenda.

For more than a century the American Federation of Teachers has opposed the federal government's efforts to "free" speech and other restrictions on its free speech, as well as political speech. For two decades, AFTS has opposed many attempts to remove government from school speech at public meetings, like the one in Washington D.C.<|endoftext|>